c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveMapBrowser.exe.config
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\systems.txt
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveMapBrowser.exe
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveMapBrowser.pdb
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\obj\Debug\EveMapBrowser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\obj\Debug\EveMapBrowser.exe
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\obj\Debug\EveMapBrowser.pdb
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveAI.Core.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveAI.Live.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.Core.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.Element43.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveAuth.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveCentral.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveCrest.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveMarketData.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveWho.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveXml.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.StaticData.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.ZKillboard.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.Reduced.dll
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.Core.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.Element43.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveAuth.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveCentral.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveCrest.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveMarketData.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveWho.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.EveXml.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.StaticData.xml
c:\users\steve\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\EveLib.ZKillboard.xml
C:\Users\Steve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\Steve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\Steve\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\EveMapBrowser\EveMapBrowser\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
